This is a solution to the [QR code component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/qr-code-component-iux_sIO_H). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 
Table of Contents:
  - Link to solution
  - My Process
  - What I learned
  - Acknowledgments
  - GitHub link

Link to solution:
http://127.0.0.1:5500/index.html

My Process: 
  I collaborated with our teacher and students for baseline HTML and CSS; as well as using Figma and Figma plug-in "GreatFrontEnd" to retrieve exacting HTML and
  CSS code for the design and its components.
  *Built with: 
  - Semantic HTML5 markup
  - CSS custom properties
  - Flexbox
  - CSS Grid
  -Figma with plugin "GreatFront End"
We learned to use the Figma designs for the challenge in "dev mode" in in Figma and could see exact measurements, colors, etc. That proved helpful at times--at other times the 
code it provided was not simple. The Figma plugin "GreatFront End" made the cumbersome generated code more user-friendly.

What I learned:
  Collaboration is a more fun way to learn to code; stressing out and trying to learn or overcome problems in isolation has been a real road-blocker for me until I 
  really leaned into helping and being helped by my teammates in the breakout rooms or in the main zoom classroom with our Per Scholas teacher, Abraham E. Taverez.
  I learned how to utilize Figma and VS code together to closely replicate the design given. I have more learning to do and some knowledge gaps, yet I am learning that
  you don't need to know it all you just need to ask questions and work together.

Acknowledgments: Abraham E. Tavarez (Per Scholas teacher), Jermal Wynder (classmate), Bolivar Vega (Classmate), Sophia Valladares (classmate), Phillip Howard (classmate)

https://github.com/FrancesReagan
-------------------------------------------------
Reflections Questions and Answers

How did using Figma designs as references affect your coding process?
  Using Figma designs as a reference affected my coding process as in many ways it made the code more visual to me; as a new coder having the visual next to the CSS code that it 
generated was helpful at times. Also, having the exact measurements, colors, et. al specs was most helpful for this activity as well as for the future projects as the design components
are standardized for the project and so easier to have a consistent outcome. 

What challenges did you encounter when aligning your code with the design specifications?  The challenges I had were the same as before,  namely, I am new to software engineering
and so it may take me at first a longer time to understand and implement code and how to use it based on what I see in the design. Once I am more adept knowing how the visuals would
in general translate into code the better I will be at implementing the desired outcome of the design. It is something to look forward to---the day I can freely design and understand 
quickly and code efficiently the outcome.

How can the feedback and community resources on Frontend Mentor help you improve as a developer?
Feedback and community resources on Frontend Mentor can help me improve as developer as I can post requests for help on problem I am running up against in the code
and others who are more advanced can suggest how to go about resolving the issue.  As, there are fun projects to do which makes me a better developer with the more practice I 
get the better I get at web development. 

